 

when i'm with you, i can't breathe.

i can't breathe.

.

.

.

one

Susie clenched her fists and ground her molars, eyebrows pinching together, frustration held in a powerful headache behind her left brow.

Midge was… She was—she was—she was so—

Frustrating.

Her pale skin, dark eyes, pristine coats, signature bouncy hair, and the lopsided curve on her cherry red lips when she drawled a sarcastic comment—

It was all so frustrating.

 

two

Her mouth went dry, neurons in her mind exploding, the synapses between them sparking, her mind whirring on overdrive.

A black cocktail dress, red heels that matched with the blood red shade of her lips. The dress hung on her shoulders in small, cute knots.

“Wow,” Susie breathed. Immediately, she cursed herself violently, demanding that she stop gaping like a fool, stop talking.

“Good look?” Midge asks, pulling at the hems of her long gloves, and smoothing out her dress.

Susie finds herself to be nodding and smiling, to her inner self’s chagrin. “The look.”

Dear God, I haven't asked you anything—'cept for that one time when I asked to fuck yourself—but now, I ask you to kill me, for the love  of—

Susie’s mental rant is pulled to a halt when Midge smiles at her, and suddenly saying those two stupid ass words is worth it. Because that smile—that motherfucking smile—it made Susie’s heart so, so fluttery.

 three

Susie spits words in the face of a man who didn't deserve it. Who didn't deserve her.

"And you're just gonna be that guy sitting in some loser bar every night, pointing at the television set saying, 'I used to be married to her but I fucking blew it!"

four

 

Susie stares. The rain pours around her. And she stares.

They're in a car, in the middle of somewhere—which state was it?—Susie can't seem to remember. She can only think of Midge's red lips, the huff of her nose, the way her chest moved in her slumber—

Shit, Susie thought, the way her chest moves—

Something deep within her stomach is set alight. Susie stares at the twin mounds. ("You think Penny Pan has a set of these at home?")

Susie leans towards Midge, slowly, deliberately, and she can feel Midge's breath mingling with hers. 

Susie throbs—aches—for this. She could just brush her lips over hers and—

Susie jerks back, clenches her fists, grinds her teeth and closes her eyes.

No, she thinks, and that's the end of it. No.

five

Susie's head is between pale, slender legs, tongue probing away at twitching, soft flesh.

Midge is beneath her, mewling and purring. Susie's tongue maps out the gentle nerves there, slowly at first, and then viciously, lapping away at her as she jerks and writhes, hand shooting to her breasts.

She watches Midge come, loudly and desperately clawing at the sheets, and she continues to tease her out despite Midge's throaty pleas.

Susie wakes with a stark, pulling herself to a sit. The room around her is unfocused, and Susie is breathing heavily. She brings her hand down into her pants, diving in and out of her flesh, thumb circling her swollen clit, till she expels a muffled cry.

The world spins around her, and Susie falls back onto her bed with a dull thud.

She hates herself for this. Hates.

five

Susie spits in the face of a woman she once admired.

She bites out words that she means from the bottom of her heart. 

Sophie Lennon sits before her, a face of false resolve.

"Put that on your plate!" Susie bellows, and storms out of the goddamn changing room, away from that womans fucking steam.

Susie doesn't for once think about whether she went too far. Because for Midge Maisel, everything was not far enough.

six

Susie stares at the retreating backs of Midge and Bill—or was it Ben? Benjamin?—Susie doesn't give two fucks about the tall Jew.

She watches Midge and the man walk side by side, trading kisses, brushing shoulders. Their world is at peace; they smile away without worry.

Susie's world—Susie's world just wasn't. It wasn't. 

Susie stares, some fire in her gut searing.

"I'm fine with being lonely," Susie reminds herself every morning, lying through her teeth. "I just don't want to be insignificant."

Insignificant to you, she thought. 

Susie stares.

.

.

.

i love you so bad, it hurts.

so bad, it hurts.